Add wandb example in documentation (#765)
EducationalTestingService/skll: doc/run_experiment.rst

Integration with Weights & Biases

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------
```

I think this should be one level up.

The output of any SKLL experiment can be automatically logged to `Weights & Biases <https://wandb.ai>`__.
Once the logging is :ref:`enabled<wandb_credentials>`, a new
run will be created under the specified W&B project. The following is logged
for _all_ tasks:
- The SKLL configuration file, including default values for fields that were left unspecified
- The learner, feature set, and size of training and testing sets for each job in the experiment

There are additional items logged depending on the task type:
  *   **train**: The full path to the generated model file is logged in the project summary.
  *   **predict**: The predictions file is logged as a table, separately for each job in the experiment.
  *   **evaluate**: The task summary file is logged as a table. For classification experiments,
      the confusion matrix as well as a table that shows per-label precision, recall and f-measure
      are logged for each job.
  *   **cross_validate**: Similar output logged as the `evaluate` task, with a separate job per CV fold.
  *   **learning_curve** The summary file is logged as a table, and all learning curve plots
      are logged as media artifacts.

> As an example, see `here <https://wandb.ai/etslabs/skll_titanic_example/reports/Titanic-Example-Report--Vmlldzo2ODAzNDY1?accessToken=jd3tssj6hs8rniby0rqgeahsm9oexppjgkjj3gdiisag49a0tkx1wnak806k4xjd>`__
> a report created on Weights & Biases, from the tutorial :ref:`titanic example <titanic_example>`.
> The report contains three sections, one per SKLL task, with a subset of the output tables and metrics that were logged during for the task.
> To view the full output and create your own reports, turn on :ref:`logging to Weights and Biases<wandb_credentials>` in the configuration ``Output`` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above information logged to Weights & Biases can then be used to create informative reports for your
SKLL experiments. As an example, `here <https://wandb.ai/etslabs/skll_titanic_example/reports/Titanic-Example-Report--Vmlldzo2ODAzNDY1?accessToken=jd3tssj6hs8rniby0rqgeahsm9oexppjgkjj3gdiisag49a0tkx1wnak806k4xjd>`__ is
a report created on Weights & Biases, based on the data logged while running the tutorial :ref:`titanic example <titanic_example>`. The report contains three sections, one per SKLL task, with a subset of the output tables and metrics that were logged for each of the tasks. 

To view the full output and create your own reports, turn on :ref:`logging to Weights and Biases<wandb_credentials>` in the configuration ``Output`` section.
```
